Chris Alliman MD: Alright, this is Dr. Solomon, this isn't new mexico April 28 new patient intake at 8:30pm Sri Martinez, date of birth is October 29 1973
Sherrie Martinez: Okay.
Hello.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. How are you
Sherrie Martinez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, I'm good to meet you today.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh, nice to meet you.
Chris Alliman MD: How do I say your first name is it Sheree or Sherry.
Sherrie Martinez: It's Sheree
Sherrie Martinez: Sheree yes
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, sounds good. All right, Sherry. So I understand we're talking about Suboxone today, is that correct
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I don't know anything about you. So tell me the story as to why you want to get on Suboxone tell me the background everything that's going on.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay. Um, well, I'm I never found a doctor hand Santa Fe and I'm buying on
Sherrie Martinez: I'm not buying them right. I guess I don't want to say anything. And that will jeopardize anything. But yes, I need them because I was a heroin addict. Yes, I was for a couple years.
Sherrie Martinez: I got put in jail for it and I broken there then started again. I started again and then someone showed me sparks and someone gave it to me and told me do this instead of actually doing heroin, it will stop you from doing here.
Chris Alliman MD: And ever since then.
Sherrie Martinez: Helped me
Sherrie Martinez: And I
Sherrie Martinez: Like that better and I got an abscess. I did get an I didn't get admitted, but I did have to go to the emergency room to get like an abscess or something off my arm. It got infected. I might use. I guess I did use a needle.
Sherrie Martinez: And I did get an abscess, and they cleared it up for me.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, when was that
Sherrie Martinez: Oh my god, that was about. It's been about three, four years ago. Okay.
Gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I want to back up a little bit and kind of work through things here. Um, how long have you been on Suboxone
Sherrie Martinez: About five, four or five years.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay so buying them for last four or five years.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm just still people who get them.
Sherrie Martinez: And
Sherrie Martinez: I don't know.
Chris Alliman MD: How much Suboxone are you taking
Sherrie Martinez: I take two of them.
Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: They're 8.2 milligrams. That's what it says on the package.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha, gotcha. And that seems to be working pretty well for you.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, it works fine. I don't even have the craving. It's just awesome for me. I'm flying I go along the day like normal. I don't sit and crave it and I'm looking for anything like that.
Chris Alliman MD: Wonderful. I'm glad to hear that. When was the last time to use heroin.
Sherrie Martinez: It's been about five years ago.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's we're putting that about 2016
Sherrie Martinez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, how long, how long did you use heroin.
Sherrie Martinez: Um, the first time I used it for three months. And then I got put in jail. And then at when I got out of jail, I used it maybe for a year or more, and then that's something that person showed me the Suboxone
Sherrie Martinez: And then that's when it all ended.
Sherrie Martinez: I never
Sherrie Martinez: Put a needle in my arm again.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good. Why did you get started on Suboxone initially for I'm sorry on heroin initially for those fears.
Sherrie Martinez: Um,
Sherrie Martinez: Because I when I got out of jail, I felt sick and I was craving it. I had the craving for it and I wanted it, and I was I wanted it. So that's first thing I did is I went and did
Chris Alliman MD: And that was
Chris Alliman MD: So that was you had been on it for three months and then you were in jail and then audit for you.
Sherrie Martinez: I was in jail for three days and I kind of broke off it.
Sherrie Martinez: A little bit I hallucinate it I
Sherrie Martinez: I poop. Oh, it was horrific what happened. They have to have me and medical they put me in medical insurance. It was awful. And then they they released me. And then when I got out. I told that's the first thing I wanted was heroin. So that's what I went and did
Chris Alliman MD: Why did you, why did you first take heroin. Originally, the first time around. Oh.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh, because I had a doctor, whose name was Dr. London and I wasn't an accident and he gave them to me a pain pills for my back.
Sherrie Martinez: And I love them.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, and I started liking those pink pills and then he got his, his medical whatever taken away from him, so I nobody could see him again.
Sherrie Martinez: So then introduced me
Sherrie Martinez: To the heroin. But then I would just put it up my notes.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh god, you know, and with the needle and squeeze it up.
Sherrie Martinez: And I never saw it. I didn't shoot it for the first couple of weeks.
Sherrie Martinez: And then if I didn't do so I didn't do it was helping me and then I guess I wanted more because I had a high dose of medication from Dr. JOHN GREEN.
Sherrie Martinez: Sure, and then
Sherrie Martinez: And then on my friends just told me to here. Let me show you how to shoot it. And then I said, okay, and I did.
Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: You know, and then after that, yes, I started heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's a pretty common story we hear that a lot, where people have some type of injury or trauma or something happens and they've got pain and they're on pain pills for a while.
Sherrie Martinez: And then for some reason it gets stopped.
Chris Alliman MD: And they're trying to find something
Chris Alliman MD: And they end up
Sherrie Martinez: Heroin. Yeah. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Another thing that we often hear is depression or anxiety and people are trying to escape depression or anxiety through through getting
Sherrie Martinez: It has that you
Sherrie Martinez: Know, because I had, I was diagnosed with bipolar and I did, I have my bipolar pills and I see Dr. Miller and Santa Fe. It wasn't that it wasn't the depression in that it was just the addiction.
See
Sherrie Martinez: It was straight up addiction.
Chris Alliman MD: What do you take take for the bipolar.
Sherrie Martinez: Um, it's called low metal
Sherrie Martinez: The metal. And then I can't remember the other one. It's to help me kind of sleep, but I haven't taken it lately because this box and helps me and I don't want to overdose and I don't want to do. Yes.
Sherrie Martinez: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you take any of them. Do you take any other medications, besides those two or three
Sherrie Martinez: Um no I just take lots of, um, I, I just thought a service is so I have met
Sherrie Martinez: Its ointment for that. And then I just take them.
Sherrie Martinez: I take all my my multivitamins I take my vitamin C multivitamin a milk thistle vitamin every vitamin. You can think of Vitamin C everything right now I take
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Do you have any allergies communications.
Sherrie Martinez: No, I have no allergies.
Chris Alliman MD: Right, and any surgeries at any point
Sherrie Martinez: Um, yeah. Years ago.
Chris Alliman MD: Tell me what you had an approximate
Sherrie Martinez: I think it had something to do. It was like on the site. I think it was like a mesh that or something on the side of my growing
Chris Alliman MD: And
Sherrie Martinez: It got infected and my doctor that gave me those pills. He recognized it, and yet they put me in the hospital for a week and I got what we're poisoning from it.
Sherrie Martinez: But that was the only
Sherrie Martinez: major surgery. I had to go through and they packed it in
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, yeah, that was the only major surgery.
Chris Alliman MD: And vaguely when was that
Sherrie Martinez: That was that's been a 2010
Sherrie Martinez: But maybe nine even
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, fair enough. It's always hard to remember when those things were
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Do you smoke tobacco.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes I smoke cigarettes I smoke mental
Chris Alliman MD: And how much do you smoke.
Sherrie Martinez: Three packs. I mean, I mean up pack every three days to Florida.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And how long have you smoked for
Sherrie Martinez: So okay, so I'm 46 right now. I started when I was 38
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so about eight years.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, any alcohol use.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, I do drink alcohol.
Chris Alliman MD: You have an alcohol problem.
Sherrie Martinez: I don't guys do. I mean, I don't like gin gallons of it, but like I don't shake. I don't have the shakes or anything, but I do crave the alcohol.
Sherrie Martinez: But like
Sherrie Martinez: Maybe like a little shop.
Sherrie Martinez: Open they are to the miniatures, I have one or two a day, I'm good, I'm good.
Chris Alliman MD: Right, that might be something worth just exploring
In the future.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah. And then I yeah
Sherrie Martinez: It's just, I don't know if I crave it or if I get anxiety or if it's my bipolar.
Chris Alliman MD: Mm hmm.
Sherrie Martinez: That makes me think that I want it.
Chris Alliman MD: I don't know.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, but then once I get it, and I have to taste. I'm okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Well,
Sherrie Martinez: I don't want
Chris Alliman MD: And any other drug use, besides the pills and
Chris Alliman MD: They are
Sherrie Martinez: No, no. Well, I did. I used to do a cocaine. I used to sniff it not anymore. I don't mess with that anymore.
Chris Alliman MD: When was the last name so
Sherrie Martinez: Oh gosh, it's been about 1520 years
Chris Alliman MD: Very good, very good. All right, any family history of drug abuse.
Sherrie Martinez: With your
Chris Alliman MD: parents or siblings.
Sherrie Martinez: No, no, no, no, no, I'm just, I'm
Chris Alliman MD: Alright. So, coming back into this a little bit. When you were using the heroin. Did you ever overdose.
Sherrie Martinez: No, I never overdosed. I did try to do it on my own. I never overdose on that. But I did I was going through a breakup and I did try to cut myself but it wasn't on that because I have it. It was on other on other things.
Chris Alliman MD: But yes, I did gotcha, gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: And remind me know how long you've been on the off heroin since 2016 you said, so about five years.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Was that
Sherrie Martinez: Time.
Chris Alliman MD: Was it hard to get off.
Sherrie Martinez: And get over to Suboxone and know once I figured Suboxone and they showed it to me and I wasn't sick anymore and I didn't feel that sickness. It was like a miracle thing to me.
Sherrie Martinez: I was like, oh my god, this is something miracle to me. Awesome. Yes. I would rather have this than anything else.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: It was awesome. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Absolutely. Good. Good. And why are you why did you want to get off heroin and onto Suboxone. What was your motivation.
Sherrie Martinez: Because my, my children are older and my son's going to the Navy and
Sherrie Martinez: I don't want to be like that anymore.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
I don't want
Sherrie Martinez: I don't want my kids to see me that way. And I don't want to have that sickening feeling every day and have to get that and get a dealer. Find the dealer have to pay for it, have to struggle have to go work.
I could
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I would love to sit
Sherrie Martinez: In the spots and just say, like in it helped and I was just like, this is
Sherrie Martinez: Perfect thing. This helped me and yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Do you have a primary care provider.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes. Her name is Lori King
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, insanity at the southwest and Midwest Alameda
Sherrie Martinez: Alameda Laurie. I'm not sure if that's my last name, no.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, but
Chris Alliman MD: As long as you've got one that's great because we don't do primary care. So I wanted to make sure you were
Sherrie Martinez: Connected
Sherrie Martinez: So, no problem.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And what's your living situation.
Sherrie Martinez: Right now I I do live with my parents, um, cuz I'm trying to get housing. But now that this all happened with that whatever
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: They're not open, so I can't. And I was like I was number two on the list. And now, but yes, I did get I'm on housing and I've been updated everything on my housing.
Sherrie Martinez: And I'm number two. But now the coast and I
Sherrie Martinez: I don't know, I can't
Chris Alliman MD: Make you know
Chris Alliman MD: To me.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. And what's your marital status at this
Sherrie Martinez: I'm single. I'm saying
Chris Alliman MD: You'd mentioned some kids. It sounds like they're older.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, my son is 18 and my Dallas. My daughter Dallas is 14
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, any young kids around the house.
Sherrie Martinez: You know justice.
Sherrie Martinez: Good and Mike Pence.
Chris Alliman MD: And how do you spend the time. How do you spend the day are you working or you
Chris Alliman MD: Know,
Sherrie Martinez: I don't want
Sherrie Martinez: My disability.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and what are you on disability for
Sherrie Martinez: Now for my bipolar. Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: And we, we really don't do anything now. But watch Netflix and YouTube and
Sherrie Martinez: And we do not even go to the park with the park right next next to us mechanical there now, though, but
Sherrie Martinez: Otherwise, we'll have a big fat and backyard and we have them.
Sherrie Martinez: Trees and we just
Sherrie Martinez: Picking up your man that
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds like your parents are very supportive of all of this.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, they are. They're very supportive of everything I do they want me to help good
Chris Alliman MD: And you mentioned that you're seeing a psychiatrist.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, Dr. Miller PMS insanity.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And are you doing counseling or groups, along with that.
Sherrie Martinez: No, we don't do this one I want.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, any further and legal issues for you, probation, parole.
Sherrie Martinez: No, no, I've never had a fan. I'm not a fan. I have been in jail, quite a few times but it's because I didn't pay tickets, but it's been a while since I've been in
Sherrie Martinez: jail for a long, long time.
Chris Alliman MD: Good and this
Sherrie Martinez: Provide her anybody or I I stole or anything like that. It's because I never pay tickets. I never had the money to pay the tickets
Sherrie Martinez: Gotcha without spending that on hell yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so this is a bit awkward have a question, but just what I need to check on where you abused as a child.
Sherrie Martinez: No. Never. I know I was my dad was a single father, and he was actually a great father, my mom was in a very mother, but yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: My dad was
Sherrie Martinez: The one that
Chris Alliman MD: I have a whole bunch more questions. So we're going to work through the next set here. This next set there just kind of yes or no questions, but thinking back to the time when you were using heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right. So with the heroin, were you taking larger amounts or taking it over a longer period of time than was intended
Sherrie Martinez: And I would. I would. I started off as a plenty like CC
Sherrie Martinez: And then it didn't work.
Sherrie Martinez: So I get up gradually go up. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes I gradually went up cuz I it wasn't making me well because it was a sick.
Sherrie Martinez: Man wasn't still needed more to make me feel
Chris Alliman MD: Better. Yeah. So let's, let's just keep on with these questions because I got a lot of them. OK.
Sherrie Martinez: Ok ok let's go well done quick I
Chris Alliman MD: Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down on the heroin use
Sherrie Martinez: Oh no, I always wanted it.
Sherrie Martinez: It was never that I didn't want it. I needed that.
Chris Alliman MD: You wanted it.
Sherrie Martinez: I wanted
Chris Alliman MD: To spend a lot of time trying to get the heroin use the heroin or recover from the heroin.
Sherrie Martinez: It was more like I was struggling to get the money.
Sherrie Martinez: For the heroin to do it.
Sherrie Martinez: I was
Sherrie Martinez: Feeling I was feeling a lot
Sherrie Martinez: To get
Sherrie Martinez: Through the money to get the heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have cravings, or a strong desire.
Sherrie Martinez: To
Sherrie Martinez: EMS hair. Oh, oh my god, the saving was horrific it
Chris Alliman MD: Was failure to fulfill roles at work.
Chris Alliman MD: At school,
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, yes it
Sherrie Martinez: Did you messed up.
Chris Alliman MD: Everything, did you continue to have
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use heroin, despite having social or relationship problems that were
Sherrie Martinez: Know why didn't care about nobody but the heroin.
Sherrie Martinez: It was like my first
Chris Alliman MD: So that would be a yes.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you have to reduce or give up important social, occupational recreational activities you just kind of answer.
Sherrie Martinez: Yep. And I gave up everything.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use heroin in situations that were physically physically hazardous like driving
Sherrie Martinez: It. Yes, I still use it. I didn't care. It didn't matter. As long as well.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you continue to use despite knowing it could cause physical and
Sherrie Martinez: Psychological yes I did. I'm sorry. I feel bad about that. But I yes I did. I mean, you have to be honest, like
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, it makes it a whole lot easier for everybody, including yourself.
Sherrie Martinez: I was hard horrible person.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you been checked for hepatitis C.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, I have Pepsi.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And are you working towards treatment on that.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, sir. I sure am.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. Glad to hear
How many pregnancy.
Sherrie Martinez: Um, I have four kids have four kids, and one abortion.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so five pregnancies for kids, one abortion. Okay, good. Alright, so we've got the next set of questions here. And these are just going to be yes or no questions I've got like 50 of them. So not much explanation.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh yes, no, yes, no. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And we're going to start from the head and work our way down. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, with
Chris Alliman MD: With these were just thinking over the last two weeks we're not thinking like, way back, just the last two weeks.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right. Over the last two weeks. Have you had any fevers.
Sherrie Martinez: No, no. Favorite
Chris Alliman MD: The night or any night sweats.
Sherrie Martinez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: No, that's what any any chills know
Chris Alliman MD: Any vision changes.
Chris Alliman MD: Hearing changes.
Sherrie Martinez: Why does that
Chris Alliman MD: Any changes in your hearing.
Sherrie Martinez: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Any nasal nasal congestion.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh yeah, because I think I smoke I cough up a lot of like
Chris Alliman MD: This
Sherrie Martinez: No bloody noses.
Chris Alliman MD: Any lip sores.
Chris Alliman MD: Know any neck pain.
Sherrie Martinez: Sometimes, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Neck lumps.
Sherrie Martinez: Know, Nicholas
Chris Alliman MD: Any next stiffness
Sherrie Martinez: Depends on asleep, but no.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: COUGH.
Sherrie Martinez: Well, just because I smoke. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Shortness of breath.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Chest pain.
Chris Alliman MD: Stomach pain and nausea.
Sherrie Martinez: And
Chris Alliman MD: Vomiting
Sherrie Martinez: And no, I haven't bought my longest time
Sherrie Martinez: Diarrhea no
Chris Alliman MD: Comes to patient
Sherrie Martinez: Yes victim. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: I can go with Suboxone so yeah
Chris Alliman MD: I urinary pain.
Sherrie Martinez: I've had a couple urinary tract infections, but my doctor Lori takes care of it. I get my go to her right away. Yes, so
Chris Alliman MD: Over the last two weeks. You've had urinary pain.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Sherrie Martinez: This is just, I'm sorry, I forgot about that. So no
Chris Alliman MD: That's enough. Any changes in the hair texture.
Sherrie Martinez: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Any changes in skin texture know any joint pains.
Chris Alliman MD: No back pains.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Headaches
Sherrie Martinez: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, dizziness,
Sherrie Martinez: No dizziness.
Chris Alliman MD: Mood Changes.
Sherrie Martinez: I get moved, yes I do change my
Sherrie Martinez: Depression, no. Not recently. No.
Sherrie Martinez: I get that pretty often. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Sweet problems.
Sleeping.
Sherrie Martinez: No, I sleep like up. No, I sleep very well.
Hallucinations
Sherrie Martinez: Not in the last two weeks now.
Chris Alliman MD: Suicidal thoughts.
Sherrie Martinez: No off. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, very good. The next part that we get to do or the vital signs and the physical exam, which is always interesting trying to do that through the computer. Okay. But watching you. You've been breathing normally. So I'm putting down in normal respiration rate of at how tall are you,
Sherrie Martinez: I'm five four
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And how much do you weigh
Sherrie Martinez: 135 I just weighed myself.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And do you know how to take your pulse.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, we my dad has a thermometer cuz he's an essential worker. So they were they sent him with a fever thing and pulse thing.
And
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, what is your pulse.
Sherrie Martinez: Is it supposed to be like 98 or something.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm not sure it is what it just is what it is. I mean, we can check it really quick.
Sherrie Martinez: It's not, it's not high. I don't think my pulse. I don't know how do I, what I check it here because I want to tell them
Sherrie Martinez: I'm
Sherrie Martinez: Fine. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: When we're
Sherrie Martinez: Smoking a cigarette.
Sherrie Martinez: Let me take my hands off by on
Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Because I don't want them to think I'm sick because they worry about everything.
Sherrie Martinez: On okay and I get ok so
Sherrie Martinez: My pulse is good and
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, so, so
Chris Alliman MD: Hold on. Here, Sherry, Sherry. Okay, I need to time your pulse. I can't just put down, it's good. I need a number. So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to time it for six seconds. And during those six seconds you're going to count the number of poses, you get. Okay, so I need you to
Sherrie Martinez: Because I don't know what my pulses and he's gonna do
Sherrie Martinez: You have to tell me and my mom's gonna help me with my sleep.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, so she does when she gets older.
Sherrie Martinez: How many posters. Do I have
Sherrie Martinez: To go
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to do a timer, I'm going to do a timer for six seconds. I'm going to say start and stop. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have the post.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, and she has my pulse and tell me how many times you tell me like my beating in my wrist.
Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: How many times you tell me
Chris Alliman MD: Ready, set,
Go.
Chris Alliman MD: Can stop. How many did you get
Sherrie Martinez: How many like eight like maybe eight
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, that sounds good. So we take that times 10 and that's at so good.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Yes, I need you to push on your stomach.
Chris Alliman MD: Tasty. What a push on your stomach.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and I need to know if it hurts, as you do that.
Sherrie Martinez: No, I just need to pee. But it doesn't hurt at all.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, sounds good. Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. All right. So you should worry. I'm going to send in a prescription for you for Suboxone okay
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, awesome. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: I've got a few things that we have to talk through as we work that out.
Chris Alliman MD: First of all,
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you know about our program.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm not very much. But I've been reading on it. I've been reading up on it and I signed all the waivers everything about not to jack not to sell non to do all that. And I pretty much been using it for years, but not the right way. I mean, I don't get it right.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so what we require is two things. Well, we require several things. But one of the things that we require is that you attend a group for an hour once a week. So we need to come up with a day and a time that you can attend group.
Sherrie Martinez: anytime of the day. I'm free.
Sherrie Martinez: I can see whatever
Sherrie Martinez: Tomorrow I can be available again at this time are during the day even morning I'm
Sherrie Martinez: At home.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, that sounds good. So let me take a look here and see what would work out well I think since anytime seems to work for you. Fridays.
Chris Alliman MD: My guest. Good.
Sherrie Martinez: And my children know I'm on them so they have no problem. You know, I don't have to hide it from them.
Chris Alliman MD: So good thing.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, good. So let's look at how about
Chris Alliman MD: Friday afternoon at 130
Sherrie Martinez: Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Tomorrow,
Tomorrow's
Sherrie Martinez: Wednesday. Okay. Wednesday. Okay, okay. It's Friday afternoon at 130
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I will you write a 130 I have a meeting again at one o'clock Friday we write that down for me. So don't forget, please. Friday at 131 30
Chris Alliman MD: So Sheree, this will be every Friday at 130 ok
Sherrie Martinez: No problem. I know, I know how to get on to this so
Chris Alliman MD: Yo, and that you do it the same way. Now, I recommend that you call in at least 30 minutes ahead of time to our virtual clinic. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, that's like going to the doctor's office or calling the doctor's office. There's always align and there's always paperwork to do
Sherrie Martinez: Okay. And I just have to know to keep my phone charged and
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, and
Chris Alliman MD: So put reminders on your phone. Do whatever you need to remember to get that done. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Because if you call five minutes before the group, you're not going to get in.
Chris Alliman MD: It's not going to happen.
Sherrie Martinez: So, so do it right. Like, tell me.
Sherrie Martinez: Do I do it an hour before
Chris Alliman MD: An hour would be fine. Sure.
Sherrie Martinez: I can get an hour before because I won't be late.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. That would be funny.
Sherrie Martinez: Different than mine.
Chris Alliman MD: No, I'm actually in Albuquerque. So, my time is the same as yours.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh, oh, you're not okay. I thought yeah cuz I was looking at it and I said I was in California.
Chris Alliman MD: Yep, the organization is based out of California.
Chris Alliman MD: Doesn't mean
Chris Alliman MD: That I'm not so an hour ahead of time you need at least 30 minutes ahead of time, you need to call in
Chris Alliman MD: And get connected
Chris Alliman MD: And you come to the virtual clinic, the number that they gave you for today's to meet with me to put into the zoom that changes every meeting. It's not the same. It's never the same.
Sherrie Martinez: So then how do I, how do I know my new number
Chris Alliman MD: You call the virtual clinic, like you did when you got this one.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh, okay. Yeah, that's what I have to do because I just paid zoom. And I don't just press them and get to
Sherrie Martinez: Know, okay. And I keep zoom on. I don't
Sherrie Martinez: I can't take up
Chris Alliman MD: Right, everything's going to happen through zoom
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, yeah. Good. Good. All right. Um, and then we also need to get you connected with one of our therapists, because the second thing that we have is individual therapy once a week.
Chris Alliman MD: Also for an hour.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to send your information over to Becca, because she's the therapist that works with that Friday afternoon group with me.
Chris Alliman MD: So it'd be good to keep that constant, so she'll be in touch with you to help get things scheduled. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. No, I have an email address for you as Sheree Martinez at GMAIL. COM
Sherrie Martinez: That's the perfect. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to send all this information to you in an email.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So you won't lose it. It'll be there for you, you'll be all good. Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, thank you.
And then
Chris Alliman MD: I want to make sure I've got the right
Chris Alliman MD: Pharmacy for you.
I'm
Sherrie Martinez: Pharmacy to St. Michael
Chris Alliman MD: St Michael pharmacy.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, that would be easier for me because I'm here. My parents were on St. Michael now.
Chris Alliman MD: It's called St Michael pharmacy.
Sherrie Martinez: They Michaels drive Walgreens.
Chris Alliman MD: Walgreens, what
Chris Alliman MD: I need you to know.
Sherrie Martinez: That coat it is mom on St. Michael
Sherrie Martinez: This one I'm going to have them put in their
Sherrie Martinez: Zip Code.
Chris Alliman MD: 875818751
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, that sounds great. So we'll get that the Suboxone the two films a day sent in for you. Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: And it's that it whatever I can take you. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, it'll be the same. It'll be the eight tues it'll be a two films a day for you.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, that's
Chris Alliman MD: Another way another
Chris Alliman MD: Another way. Another thing to keep in mind. Sherry, is that when you come to group, you get a prescription, but that goes until your time with the therapist.
Chris Alliman MD: So,
Chris Alliman MD: You need to show up with the therapist because that's how we
Chris Alliman MD: Second, so there's two prescriptions, a week for the first, at least for the first month
Sherrie Martinez: Oh, thank you so much, your life.
Sherrie Martinez: So,
Chris Alliman MD: So you hear what I'm saying to prescriptions, a week, you have to show up at group and you have to show up at therapy to get my
Sherrie Martinez: Day. No problem. No problem. I don't want to feel the way I do
Chris Alliman MD: I hear you. You've done a great job. So that's wonderful.
Sherrie Martinez: Good, thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I'm going to get all that taken care of. Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay. And I just do I have to give them an ID or how would I do have number
Chris Alliman MD: How do I. What do I do generally. Yes. You need to give them an ID.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, and then I just cook will pick it up tomorrow.
Chris Alliman MD: That sounds great. I'm going to do it right away.
Sherrie Martinez: Thank you, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: You bet. Thank you. It's nice.
Sherrie Martinez: Bye bye.
Sherrie Martinez: Bye Bye bye.
Chris Alliman MD: Right dictating on this page to patients. I can pressure and patient with substance abuse.
Chris Alliman MD: And anxiety depressive symptoms with no bipolar disease patients. Patients level of stress is moderate to severe includes economic and relationship problems relationship problems are significant patient has a strong sense of self and good object relationship. Here's concrete, but
Chris Alliman MD: Verbally pressured on the exam.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient reports a history of psychiatric treatment for bipolar disease Pepsi statuses positive review of systems, you should have vitals of respiratory
Chris Alliman MD: Heart rate at respiration 18 height five feet four inches weighed 135 pounds physical exam is normal assessment and plan.
Chris Alliman MD: opioid use disorder and this will be a continuation plan will continue with the Suboxone eight dash two two films once a day for 16 milligrams and the 24 hour period prescription sent in for four days with one refill.
Chris Alliman MD: Patient will join the Friday 1:30pm group.
Chris Alliman MD: message sent to Becca for therapy.
Chris Alliman MD: Number. Next is tobacco abuse recommended that patient quit her tobacco use and we will work on that along the way.
Chris Alliman MD: Number. Next is alcohol use. There is concerned that there might be coinciding alcohol abuse issues, however, that we need to be explored further and potentially address it further, as we're able to
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Oh PMT was reviewed and there was the only thing. There was lorazepam from
Chris Alliman MD: Two years ago, right, and dictation of this patient.